README.md, before:

# The Potionarium

A "cookie clicker" game (week 03 Assessment)

## Game Objectives and Instructions

Congratulations! You have just opened your very own potion materials store, and you have acess to what every magic-using creature in the world wants to get their hands (or paws, or talons, or tentacles...) on. Collect dragon scales by clicking your pet dragon -- the scales flake right off! Automate your process with spells (when you have enough scales required for the spell to work). Have fun!

## Aims, Planning and Design

I am aiming to meet all of the required goals as well as at least 2 stretch goals and have a working game with some level of personalisation that showcases my design ideas and capabilites, as well as a hint of whimsy. My immediate thoughts when introduced to the concept was what "backstory" or context I could apply to the goal of collecting a resource that you could then spend in order to collect more of that resource. From there a logical step (for my mind, anyway) was gathering something for a poition -- looking at the little dragon filter in Google Meets, the decision was made.

I want the visual design to have a cohesive colour palette, a clear theme to the setting/atmosphere (a magic potion shop) and hand-drawn illustrations for elements such as the dragon that users will click. When it comes to layout design, I am expecting to make quite a few changes between the desktop and app versions (see wireframes below) as well as the ability to show/hide elements on both versions.

![alt text][image]

[image]: /wireframes.png "Wireframes for a desktop and an app version of a cookie clicker game with a magic theme"

For this project I want to add 3 breakpoints: large/desktop (greater than 1024px), medium/tablet (max-width: 1024px) and small/phones (max-width: 768px). I got the values for the breakpoints for googling for the most common breakpoints and taking an example from (https://blog.logrocket.com/css-breakpoints-responsive-design/). Although I have only planned for 2 wireframe layouts, the "medium" version can be understood as a middle point between the two and so there should be clear logic when it comes time for me to style the elements.

## Building

I began with creating the first function (clicking the element and seeing the count go up).

Commit message:

function: purchase item in shop

README.md, after:

# The Potionarium

A "cookie clicker" game (week 03 Assessment)

## Game Objectives and Instructions

Congratulations! You have just opened your very own potion materials store, and you have acess to what every magic-using creature in the world wants to get their hands (or paws, or talons, or tentacles...) on. Collect dragon scales by clicking your pet dragon -- the scales flake right off! Automate your process with spells (when you have enough scales required for the spell to work). Have fun!

## Aims, Planning and Design

I am aiming to meet all of the required goals as well as at least 2 stretch goals and have a working game with some level of personalisation that showcases my design ideas and capabilites, as well as a hint of whimsy. My immediate thoughts when introduced to the concept was what "backstory" or context I could apply to the goal of collecting a resource that you could then spend in order to collect more of that resource. From there a logical step (for my mind, anyway) was gathering something for a poition -- looking at the little dragon filter in Google Meets, the decision was made.

I want the visual design to have a cohesive colour palette, a clear theme to the setting/atmosphere (a magic potion shop) and hand-drawn illustrations for elements such as the dragon that users will click. When it comes to layout design, I am expecting to make quite a few changes between the desktop and app versions (see wireframes below) as well as the ability to show/hide elements on both versions.

![alt text][image]

[image]: /wireframes.png "Wireframes for a desktop and an app version of a cookie clicker game with a magic theme"

For this project I want to add 3 breakpoints: large/desktop (greater than 1024px), medium/tablet (max-width: 1024px) and small/phones (max-width: 768px). I got the values for the breakpoints for googling for the most common breakpoints and taking an example from (https://blog.logrocket.com/css-breakpoints-responsive-design/). Although I have only planned for 2 wireframe layouts, the "medium" version can be understood as a middle point between the two and so there should be clear logic when it comes time for me to style the elements.

## Building

For the first time I used branches as I was building in order to periodically upload to github - I want to get better about this, and braver about using the terminal (right now I do everything from VSCode, including making and naming the new branches)
